0
The target parsers are adapted to the sentences for these constructions extracted from fiction and query texts .
The target parsers are adapted to sentences of these constructions extracted from fiction and query texts .
1
The analysis of the experimental results will illustrate the necessity for handling various sentence constructions by fundamental improvement of parsers such as re-construction of feature designs .
Analysis of the experimental results illustrates the need to handle different sentence constructions through fundamental improvement of the parsers such as re-construction of feature designs .
2
Parsing is a fundamental natural language processing task and essential for various NLP applications .
Parsing is a fundamental natural language processing task and essential to various NLP applications .
3
It was good at English-Japanese but not at Japanese-English translations .
It excelled with English-Japanese translations , but not with Japanese-English translations .
4
After all , a heuristic word segmentation method CHAR achieved relatively good word-based BLEU scores and competitive character-based BLEU results , compared to the supervised analyzers .
Nevertheless , a heuristic word segmentation method CHAR achieved relatively good word-based BLEU scores and competitive character-based BLEU results , compared to the supervised analyzers .
5
Particularly , we assume that there exist strong dependencies between the sense of a syntactic head and those of its dependents .
In particular , we assume that strong dependencies between the sense of a syntactic head and those of its dependents exist .
6
Also , we define these sense dependencies in combination with various coarse-grained sense tag sets , so that our model can even work for words that do not appear in the training data , and these combined features help relieve the data sparseness problem .
Furthermore , we define these sense dependencies in combination with various coarse-grained sense tag sets , so that our model can also work for words that do not appear in the training data ; these combined features help relieve the data sparseness problem .
7
In experiments , we show the appropriateness of considering the sense dependencies , as well as the advantage of the combination of fine- and coarse-grained tag sets .
In experiments , we display the appropriateness of considering the sense dependencies , as well as the advantage of [having ? Using ?] the combination of fine- and coarse-grained tag sets .
8
Specifically , we assume that there exist strong sense dependencies between a syntactic head and its dependents in the dependency tree , rather than between neighboring words in the sentence .
Specifically , we assume that are strong sense dependencies between a syntactic head , and its dependents in the dependency tree , rather than between neighboring words of a sentence .